I tried setting up the ingress-dns addon for Minikube, that would allow me to access services by their configured
hostnames. It was a total failure.

I got as far as making it work in that hosts could be accessed by their ingress hostname. e.g. I created this manifest
for minio:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: minio
spec:
  ingressClassName: nginx
  rules:
  - host: minio-api.dev
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: minio
            port:
              number: 9000
  - host: minio-web.dev
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        pathType: Prefix
        backend:
          service:
            name: minio
            port:
              number: 9001
```

then I installed and started https://github.com/chipmk/docker-mac-net-connect, and I could access https://minio-web.dev
and https://minio-api.dev from console and browser. But then I hit a brick wall, as Minio only works over https, and
uses self-signed certificates by default. Browsers do not like this even though I added an exception. Neither does the
`aws` command with custom `--endpoint-url`.

I do not want to make the setup EVEN MORE COMPLICATED by forcing users to add LetsEncrypt certificates to their system
and configuring minio to use them. So we will stick to the default port-forwarding method to access services.

Generation of ubiquitous endpoints for MLflow artifacts (which is what this whole exercise was about) has to be done
another way.

# Discarded work

Here is the README entry for setting it all up, which is now being discarded:

============================= CUT HERE =============================

### Setting Up Minikube

These steps only need to be done once when the cluster is first created/recreated.

#### Ingress DNS

Using Ingress DNS allows accessing services without having to run `kubectl port-forward`. It creates a DNS server in the
Kubernetes cluster to which services can be added. If added to the system resolver, this DNS server resolves hostnames
to ingresses. In other words, hostnames configured in Minikube automatically resolve to the service running in the
Kubernetes cluster.

[Full instructions are found here](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/addons/ingress-dns/). Summarised
instructions for a Mac follow:

NOTE: If on a Mac and Minikube is using the Docker driver, either `minikube tunnel` must be run in the background every
time

After starting Minikube (see above) run these commands one at a time:

```shell
minikube addons enable ingress
minikube addons enable ingress-dns
```

Get the Minikube IP with:

```shell
minikube ip
```

Create file `/etc/resolver/minikube-local`:

```
domain local
nameserver <OUTPUT OF minikube ip>
search_order 1
timeout 5
```

============================= CUT HERE =============================
